Couchbase, Inc. Enterprise Edition License Agreement

IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY: BY CLICKING THE "I ACCEPT" BOX OR INSTALLING,
DOWNLOADING OR OTHERWISE USING THIS SOFTWARE AND ANY ASSOCIATED DOCUMENTATION,
YOU, ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF AND AS AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE ON BEHALF OF AN
ENTITY ("LICENSEE") AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT (THE G
AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE FULL LEGAL AUTHORITY TO BIND THE LICENSEE TO THIS
AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT SELECT THE "I
ACCEPT" BOX AND DO NOT INSTALL, DOWNLOAD OR OTHERWISE USE THE SOFTWARE. THE
EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT IS THE DATE ON WHICH YOU CLICK "I ACCEPT" OR
OTHERWISE INSTALL, DOWNLOAD OR USE THE SOFTWARE.

1A. License Grant as to Free Licenses. A "Free License" is allowed for
non-production use of the Software, provided that no Support Services are
entitled to Licensee.  During the Subscription Term, and subject to Licensee's
compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Couchbase grants
to Licensee an unpaid, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable,
non-fee bearing download license to install and use the Software only for
Licensee's own internal testing and development use.  If, at any time,
Licensee uses the Software in production, or if Licensee requests Support
Services, Licensee acknowledges and agrees that the license is automatically
converted to an Enterprise License, which must be paid for.

1B.  License Grant as to Enterprise Licenses. An "Enterprise License" is
required if Licensee makes any "Productive Use" (which means that either (a)
the Software is used in production, or (b) Support Services are requested by
Licensee). During the Subscription Term, and subject to Licensee's compliance
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Couchbase grants to Licensee
either i) a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, fee bearing
license to install and use the Software only for Licensee's own internal use
and limited to the number of Licensed Nodes paid for by Licensee (and if
stated in the Order, the number of Embedded Database Instances paid for by
Licensee).

2. Restrictions. Licensee will not: (a) copy or use the Software in any manner
except as expressly permitted in this Agreement; (b) use or deploy the
Software in excess of the number of Licensed Nodes and Embedded Database
Instances for which Licensee has paid the applicable Subscription Fee as to an
Enterprise License; (c) transfer, sell, rent, lease, lend, distribute, or
sublicense the Software to any third party; (d) use the Software for providing
time-sharing services, service bureau services or as part of an application
services provider or as a service offering primarily designed to offer the
functionality of the Software; (e) reverse engineer, disassemble, or decompile
the Software (except to the extent such restrictions are prohibited by law); (
f) alter, modify, enhance or prepare any derivative work from or of the
Software; (g) alter or remove any proprietary notices in the Software; or (h)
export the Software in violation of U.S. Department of Commerce export
administration rules or any other export laws or regulations. If Licensee does
not comply with the license terms or the foregoing restrictions, Couchbase may
terminate or suspend Licensee's license to the Software (without refund or
credit) until Licensee comes into compliance with such terms and restrictions.

3. Proprietary Rights. The Software (and any modifications or derivatives
thereto) and all Deliverables, are and shall remain the sole property of
Couchbase and its licensors, and, except for the license rights granted
herein, Couchbase and its licensors retain all right, title and interest in
and to the Software, including all intellectual property rights therein and
thereto. The Software may include third party open source software components.
If Licensee is the United States Government or any contractor thereof, all
licenses granted hereunder are subject to the following: (a) for acquisition
by or on behalf of civil agencies, as necessary to obtain protection as
"commercial computer software" and related documentation in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement and as specified in Subpart 12.1212 of the Federal
Acquisition Regulation (FAR), 48 C.F.R.12.1212, and its successors; and (b)
for acquisition by or on behalf of the Department of Defense (DOD) and any
agencies or units thereof, as necessary to obtain protection as "commercial
computer software" and related documentation in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement and as specified in Subparts 227.7202-1 and 227.7202-3 of the
DOD FAR Supplement, 48 C.F.R.227.7202-1 and 227.7202-3, and its successors.
Manufacturer is Couchbase, Inc.

4. Support. This Section applies only to Enterprise Licenses, but not to Free
Licenses. Couchbase offers several levels of Support Services for the
Software. Couchbase will provide Licensee with the level of Support Services
indicated on the Order and paid for by Licensee. For all Licensed Nodes and
Embedded Database Instances within a Production Deployment, all such nodes and
instances must be at the same level of Support Services, including any
instances that are used for disaster recovery or backup that are associated
with the Production Deployment. Different Production Deployments can be at
different levels of Support Services.  Similarly, as to instances in a
development or test environment running the Software, all Licensed Nodes and
Embedded Database Instances must be at the same level of Support Services -
but such Licensed Nodes may be at a different support level than the
Production Deployment(s). When using the Cross Data Center Replication
feature, Licensee must have all Licensed Nodes at the same level of Support
Services for all instances on all sides of the replication connection,
including if one side of the connection is only used for disaster recovery or
backup.

5. Payments. This Section applies only to Enterprise Licenses, but not to Free
Licenses.  Licensee will pay Couchbase the applicable Subscription Fees and
applicable fees as set forth in each Order. All payments of fees or charges
under this Agreement shall be made in the currency stated on the Order and are
due within thirty (30) days of the date of the invoice. Late payments will
bear interest at the lesser of one and one-half percent (1Â½%) per month or the
maximum rate allowed by law. In addition, Licensee will reimburse Couchbase
for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred (including reasonable
attorneys' fees) in collecting any overdue amounts. All fees payable under
this Agreement are net amounts and are payable in full, without deduction for
taxes or duties of any kind. Fees are exclusive of, and Licensee is
responsible for all duties and taxes (including Value Added Tax which shall be
paid by Licensee, if applicable, at the rate and in the manner for the time
being prescribed by law), except for taxes based on Couchbase's net income.
All fees are non-refundable, except to the extent expressly provided for in
this Agreement.

5A.  If Licensee sends Couchbase a purchase order ("PO"), the PO will be
deemed a binding contract offer, which Couchbase can accept by signing the PO (
thereby forming a mutually agreed Order governed by this Agreement); in such
case the only terms listed on the accepted PO which will form part of the
Order are the Commercial Details; and all other terms (whether additional or
conflicting with the Agreement) on a PO will be void and without effect, even
if Couchbase signs the PO.  All accepted POs will automatically be governed by
this Agreement (even if the PO does not reference the Agreement). "Commercial
Details" means the identified product(s), quantity (e.g, number of Licensed
Nodes and/or Embedded Database Instances), price, server size metric, support
level, and subscription start and end date.

6. Records Retention and Audit. Licensee shall maintain complete and accurate
records to permit Couchbase to verify Licensee's compliance with the Agreement
(including the number of Licensed Nodes used by Licensee), and provide
Couchbase with such records within ten (10) days of request. Upon at least
thirty (30) days prior written notice, Couchbase may audit Licensee's use of
the Software to assess whether Licensee is in compliance with the terms of
this Agreement. Any such audit will be conducted during regular business hours
at Licensee's facilities and will not unreasonably interfere with Licensee's
business activities. Licensee will provide Couchbase with access to the
relevant Licensee records and facilities. If an audit reveals that Licensee
has underpaid fees to Couchbase, then Couchbase will invoice Licensee, and
Licensee will promptly pay Couchbase, for such underpaid fees based on
Couchbase's price list in effect at the time the audit is completed. If the
underpaid fees exceed five percent (5%) of the Subscription Fee paid by
Licensee for the Software, then Licensee will also pay Couchbase's reasonable
costs of conducting the audit.

7. Confidentiality. Licensee and Couchbase will maintain the confidentiality
of Confidential Information. The receiving party of any Confidential
Information of the other party agrees not to use such Confidential Information
for any purpose except as necessary to fulfill its obligations and exercise
its rights under this Agreement. The receiving party shall protect the secrecy
of and prevent disclosure and unauthorized use of the disclosing party's
Confidential Information using the same degree of care that it takes to
protect its own confidential information and in no event shall use less than
reasonable care. The terms of this Confidentiality section shall survive
termination or expiration of this Agreement. Upon termination or expiration of
this Agreement, the receiving party will, at the disclosing party's option,
promptly return or destroy (and provide written certification of such
destruction) the disclosing party's Confidential Information. A party may
disclose the other party's Confidential Information to the extent required by
any law or regulation.

8. Disclaimer of Warranty. THE SOFTWARE AND ANY SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER
ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. COUCHBASE DOES NOT WARRANT
THAT THE SOFTWARE OR THE SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER WILL MEET LICENSEE'S
REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL OPERATE IN THE COMBINATIONS LICENSEE MAY
SELECT FOR USE, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR
UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT ALL SOFTWARE ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED. COUCHBASE HEREBY
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF
DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE.

9. Indemnification of Third Party Claims.

9.1 Indemnification. Subject to Section 9, Couchbase will indemnify and defend
Licensee from and against any damages finally awarded against Licensee in
connection with any third party claims that the Software and Services infringe
any United States patent, United States copyright or United States trademark
or other intellectual property rights; provided that: (a) Licensee promptly
notifies Couchbase of the claim; (b) Licensee gives Couchbase all necessary
information regarding the claim and reasonably cooperates with Couchbase; and (
c) allows Couchbase to control the defense and all related settlement
negotiations.

9.2 Injunction. If use of the Software and Services are enjoined, or Couchbase
determines that such use may be enjoined, Couchbase will, at its sole option
and expense, (a) procure for Licensee the right to continue using the affected
Software and Services; (b) replace or modify the affected Software and
Services infringe so that they do not infringe; or (c) if either option (a) or
(b) is not commercially feasible in Couchbase's reasonable opinion, as
applicable, terminate the licenses and refund Licensee a pro-rata amounts of
the Subscription Fees, and terminate the Services and refund the fees for the
Services that were infringing.

9.3 Exclusions. Couchbase will have no liability for any infringement claim, (
A) as to Software, (i) based on modifications to the Software made by a party
other than Couchbase, to the extent a claim would not have occurred but for
such modifications, (ii) based on the use of other than the then-current,
version of the Software, unless the infringing portion is also in the
then-current, unaltered release, (iii) based on the use, operation or
combination of the Software with non-Couchbase programs, data, or equipment to
the extent such infringement would have been avoided but for such use,
operation or combination, (iv) attributable to any third party open source
software components, or (v) to the extent based on Licensee's use of the
Software other than in accordance with this Agreement or the applicable
Documentation; or (B) as to Services, (i) based on modifications to the
Services made by a party other than Couchbase, to the extent a claim would not
have occurred but for such modifications, (ii) based on Licensee's use of the
Services in violation of this Agreement, and such use causes such
infringement, or (iii) based on infringement resulting from the combination of
the Services, with any hardware, data or software not provided by Couchbase.

9.4 Sole Remedy. THE TERMS OF THIS SECTION CONSTITUTE THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF
COUCHBASE, AND LICENSEE'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO ANY THIRD
PARTY CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
RIGHTS OF ANY KIND.

9.5 Applicability.  Section 9 applies only to Enterprise Licenses, but not to Free Licenses.

10. Subscription Term Termination. The Agreement shall begin on the Agreement
Effective Date, and shall remain in effect until terminated by a party by
sending written notice to the other party.  As to the Software, the
"Subscription Term" for Enterprise Licenses shall begin on the earlier of (a)
the Order effective date, and (b) the first date of Productive Use.  The
Subscription Term will continue for a period of time paid for. As to Free
Licenses, the Subscription Term begins on the date of download, and lasts
until terminated.  Subject to Couchbase's rights under Section 2 above, either
party may terminate this Agreement or an Enterprise License prior to the end
of a term if the other party materially breaches its obligations hereunder
and, where such breach is curable, such breach remains uncured for thirty (30)
days following written notice of the breach. Licensee's obligation to make a
payment of any outstanding, unpaid fees shall survive termination of this
Agreement. Upon termination or expiration of any license, Order, or this
Agreement, Licensee will promptly return or destroy (and provide written
certification of such destruction) the applicable Software and all copies and
portions thereof, in all forms and types of media. As to a Free License, a
party may terminate such license at any time, for convenience by providing
written notice to the other party.  The following sections will survive
termination or expiration of this Agreement: Sections 2, 3, 5-13.

11. Limitation of Liability. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL COUCHBASE OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR TO
ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR
EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR FOR THE COST OF PROCURING SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES
ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATING TO OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT
OR THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION, OR THE SERVICES
PROVIDED BY COUCHBASE HEREUNDER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LOSSES FOR LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK
STOPPAGE, LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, COMPUTER FAILURE OR ANY AND ALL OTHER
COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF AND
REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) UPON
WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED. IN NO EVENT WILL COUCHBASE'S OR ITS LICENSORS'
AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO LICENSEE, FROM ALL CAUSES OF ACTION AND UNDER ALL
THEORIES OF LIABILITY, EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNTS PAID BY LICENSEE TO COUCHBASE
THAT ARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE ORDER FOR THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD
IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE ACT OR OMISSION FIRST GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY.
The parties expressly acknowledge and agree that Couchbase has set its prices
and entered into this Agreement in reliance upon the limitations of liability
specified herein, which allocate the risk between Couchbase and Licensee and
form a basis of the bargain between the parties.

12. General. Neither party shall be liable for any delay or failure in
performance (except for any payment obligations) due to causes beyond its
reasonable control. Neither party will, without the other party's prior
written consent, make any news release, public announcement, denial or
confirmation of this Agreement, its value, or its terms and conditions, or in
any manner advertise or publish the fact of this Agreement. Notwithstanding
the above, Couchbase may use Licensee's name and logo, consistent with
Licensee's trademark policies, on customer lists so long as such use in no way
promotes either endorsement or approval of Couchbase or any Couchbase products
or services. Licensee may not assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, by
operation of law or otherwise, without Couchbase's prior written consent. Any
attempt to assign this Agreement, without such consent, will be null and of no
effect. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will bind and inure to the
benefit of each party's successors and permitted assigns. If for any reason a
court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Agreement invalid
or unenforceable, that provision of the Agreement will be enforced to the
maximum extent permissible and the other provisions of this Agreement will
remain in full force and effect. The failure by either party to enforce any
provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of future enforcement
of that or any other provision. All waivers must be in writing and signed by
both parties. All notices permitted or required under this Agreement shall be
in writing and shall be delivered in person, by confirmed facsimile, overnight
courier service or mailed by first class, registered or certified mail,
postage prepaid, to the address of the party specified above or such other
address as either party may specify in writing. Such notice shall be deemed to
have been given upon receipt. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of
the State of California, U.S.A., excluding its conflicts of law rules. The
parties expressly agree that the UN Convention for the International Sale of
Goods will not apply. Any legal action or proceeding arising under this
Agreement will be brought exclusively in the federal or state courts located
in Santa Clara County, California and the parties hereby irrevocably consent
to the personal jurisdiction and venue therein. Any amendment or modification
to the Agreement must be in writing signed by both parties. This Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous
oral or written agreements regarding the subject matter hereof. No additional
or conflicting terms set forth on any purchase order, order acknowledgement or
other document shall have any force or effect and are hereby rejected unless
expressly agreed upon by the parties' duly authorized representatives in
writing. Each of the parties has caused this Agreement to be executed by its
duly authorized representatives as of the Effective Date. Except as expressly
set forth in this Agreement, the exercise by either party of any of its
remedies under this Agreement will be without prejudice to its other remedies
under this Agreement or otherwise. The parties to this Agreement are
independent contractors and this Agreement will not establish any relationship
of partnership, joint venture, employment, franchise, or agency between the
parties. Neither party will have the power to bind the other or incur
obligations on the other's behalf without the other's prior written consent.
Licensee has not relied on the availability of any future version of the
purchased product or any future product in making its decision to purchase the
Software license. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one instrument. Signatures transmitted
electronically or by facsimile shall be deemed original signatures.  This
Agreement is applicable both to use of the Software without a signed Order,
but also to use of the Software pursuant to any Order signed by You or
Licensee.

13. Definitions. Capitalized terms used herein shall have the following
definitions: "Confidential Information" means any proprietary information
received by the other party during, or prior to entering into, this Agreement
that a party should know is confidential or proprietary based on the
circumstances surrounding the disclosure including the Software and any
non-public technical and business information (including pricing).
Confidential Information does not include information that (a) is or becomes
generally known to the public through no fault of or breach of this Agreement
by the receiving party; (b) is rightfully known by the receiving party at the
time of disclosure without an obligation of confidentiality to the disclosing
party; (c) is independently developed by the receiving party without use of
the disclosing party's Confidential Information; or (d) the receiving party
rightfully obtains from a third party without restriction on use or
disclosure. "Embedded Database Instance" means the number of instances of the
"Couchbase Lite" product storing data on a local device (such as a mobile
device, laptop, etc.) which may sync with a remote server.  "Documentation"
means the technical user guides or manuals provided by Couchbase related to
the Software.  "Licensed Node" means an instance of the Software running on a
server, including a physical server, server blade, virtual machine, software
container, or cloud server.  "Software" means the object code version of the
applicable Couchbase product you download or as reflected in an Order.
"Subscription Fee" means the fee applicable to use of the Software (or as
specified in an Order) for the right to use the Software for up to the number
of Licensed Nodes and/or Embedded Database Instances paid for.  The
Subscription Fee includes fees for Support Services.  "Subscription Term"
means, collectively, the initial subscription term described in Section 10.
"Support Services" means the technical support and Software maintenance
services paid for (with the right to receive Software updates and upgrades
made generally available by Couchbase) as described in the then-current
Couchbase support policy (located at www.couchbase.com/support-policy).
"Production Deployment" means all Licensed Nodes and Embedded Database
Instances within a particular cluster or clusters that are being used to
support a live workload or application.  "Order" means a transaction document (
such as a signed sales quote) identifying the Software licensed to Licensee,
the number of Licensed Nodes and/or Embedded Database Instances, and the
applicable Subscription Fee.  The term "including" means including but not
limited to.  "SOW" (or Order) means a transaction document identifying
Services purchased.  "Services" means the consulting service(s) and
Deliverables provided by Couchbase to Licensee, using commercially reasonable
efforts (a list of available consulting services can be viewed at
www.couchbase.com/dos04132016).  "Deliverables" means reports, and other
deliverables Couchbase may design, develop for, or deliver to Licensee during
the course of providing consulting services.

